# Sandbox-Project-Repository
 The 2020s are projected to be a strong economic decade for the African continent. Overall, real gross domestic product (real GDP) growth for the continent was 3.8% in 2024 and is expected to average 4.2% in 2025 (African Development Bank 2024). A key to maintaining this level of economic growth is the investment that the continent makes in developing energy infrastructure, because the use of energy drives economic productivity and industrial growth (Asghar 2008). However, in a world of rising greenhouse gas emissions and changing climate, it is necessary that in developing this energy infrastructure, Africa is prepared to address rising expectations of improved resilience and sustainability. 
Our Sandbox project, in collaboration with Clean Air Task Force (CATF), explores the readiness for renewable energies in several countries across Africa. We will help the organization to build a web map that visualizes specific regions in Africa and their individual needs, barriers and capabilities for a variety of renewable energy sources. This work is necessary because the Energy and Climate Innovation Africa (ECI) program at CATF indicates “a significant gap with regards to the assessment of low-carbon technologies and fuel within Africa” (CATF 2025).
The webpage will focus on both the number of clean energy initiatives taking place in each country within Africa, along with different types of technologies being used. In addition, information about the technologies in place, the countries themselves, and the advancements necessary to achieve climate goals. The target audience for the web map is broad, however, possible viewership could include policy makers, government officials, advocates, and individuals interested in the topic of clean energy in an African context.

